---
TECHNICAL DETAILS
---

Firstly, if you have any inspirations or references for the track, please tell me, as it will help me to achieve your vision.  If you're not sure what you want it to sound like, please tell me some of your favorite tracks, as it might help me to understand your audio prefereneces.  Also, any information about how you created the song and your plans for it, can also help its direction.

I'd need to receive the stems as 32 bit 48khz wav files.  Please label them appropriately in the following format 'ARTISTNAME_SONGNAME_BPM_INSTRUMENTNAME/INSTRUMENTGROUPNAME_DRYorFX'.
For example: TheBeatles_Yesterday_97_LeadVox_Dry

If providing group drum stems please endeavour to provide, at the least, the Kick drum separated.

Ideally, i would like each stem separated, for the duration of the song, as a dry stem (without any processing, unless the processing has distinctly shaped the sound) and a separate fx channel stem for each stem that has inserted FX/processing.

If you have multiple stems routed to group/global fx sends, please create a stem for each of those fx return channels, and not an additional fx stem for each track that is sending to a return.

You can upload stems to a google drive folder (remember to set permissions), dropbox, wetransfer or other file sharing protocol.  Please send the email link to orangetalisman@outlook.com

I will provide to you the following final output files as 48khz 24 bit wav files:
(i) a final mix
(ii) a final master.

You will be able to release via distrubutors with the mastered track.  (If you would like help with online release processes, please ask).

The premastered mix track enables you the option of remastering the track in the future (usually helpful for creating new album compilations).

I wont be using any AI or machine learning processing on your stems.  To produce your track I will use my DAW and a selection of industry standard plugins in addition to outboard hardware, where appropriate.
Where necessary, i may rework some stems in order to fulfill the demands of the production.

Your stems will only be used for the purposes of creating this track.  If you do agree for me to use any of those stems for any other purpose, such as in a remix, use in demo or promotional material, or use in any other production, then that will be under a separate agreement.
As this current production is a mixing and mastering project, you would retain 100% of rights/royalties, unless you desire to gift me a percentage, which would be a choice of yours determined when releasing the track with your distributor.
You have my number and email, so please feel free to message or leave me a voice note at any time.


---
TECHNICAL DETAILS - THE TLDR VERSION
---

(1) Please send me song references / inspirations / track aspirations
(2) output your stems as 32 bit 48khz wav files
(3) name the files in the following format (if no bpm write FREE instead of the bpm): 'ARTISTNAME_SONGNAME_BPM_INSTRUMENTNAME/INSTRUMENTGROUPNAME_DRYorFX'.
(4) email download link to orangetalisman@outlook.com
